#CU-31wbqcz #xcmp #statemine and #karura attempts to specify flows (#2168)
ComposableFi/composable: rfcs/0003-xcmp-picasso-statemine.md

## Proposal

```markdown
Picasso aims to become the DeFi hub of Kusama, connecting parachains with the broader Cosmos ecosystem. Through opening this XCM channel, Statemine assets will have access to Picasso dapps, thereby increasing the utility and TVL of USDT and other Statemine tokens.

For example, we will setup pools for USDT and KSM on Pablo, as well as integrating them within our later released pallets such as CosmWasm. This opens up the possibility to also support these tokens within our IBC bridge that will launch in the future too. 

### Flow

> - A force transfer 11 KSM from Kusama treasury (`F3opxRbN5ZbjJNU511Kj2TLuzFcDq9BGduA9TgiECafpg29`) to Statemine (`F7fq1jSNVTPfJmaHaXCMtatT1EZefCUsa7rRiQVNR5efcah`). 10 KSM used as deposit for channels. 1 KSM for transaction fees payments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In a forced transfer of 11 KSM from Kusama treasury (`F3opxRbN5ZbjJNU511Kj2TLuzFcDq9BGduA9TgiECafpg29`) to Statemine (`F7fq1jSNVTPfJmaHaXCMtatT1EZefCUsa7rRiQVNR5efcah`). 10 KSM are used as a deposit for channels. 1 KSM is used to pay transaction fees.
```

## Preparation

> One should have `Identity` on Kusama to create `Proposal` on   . 

Author: fixed
